Readme.md, before:

# OTP Reader helper library

Use this library to do any kind of OTP reading. It currently supports the following methods of SMS reading:

* SMS Receiver
* SMS Inbox Polling

# How to use

### `Aff` vs `Flow`

If you're running in an Aff context, use the functions present in the `Juspay.OTP.Reader` module

If you're running in a `Flow` context, the same functions are either re-exported or wrapped inside `Flow` in the `Juspay.OTP.Reader.Flow` module

### Permissions

If you're using SMS Receiver or SMS inbox poller, you need Android SMS permissions.

Use `getSmsReadPermission` to check if SMS permission has already been granted or not

Use `requestSmsReadPermission` to ask the user for permission.

### OTP Listener

This is the main function you'll be using to read OTPs

```purescript
getOtpListener :: Array SmsReader -> Flow OtpListener
```


`SmsReader` is a type that represents a method of reading incoming SMSs. For example, `smsReceiver` and `smsPoller` are types of `SmsReader`s (all the available `SmsReader`s are mentioned in the [`Juspay.OTP.Reader` module](docs/Juspay/OTP/Reader.md))

`OtpListener` is a type alias for a record containing 2 functions:

```purescript
type OtpListener = {
  getNextOtp :: Flow (Either Error String),
  setOtpRules :: Array OtpRule -> Flow Unit
}
```

Call the `getNextOtp` function when you want to wait for an OTP. The function will block until a received SMS succeeds OTP extraction.

Call the `setOtpRules` function to set the OTP regex rules that need to be used for extracting the OTP from incoming SMSs.

At first, no OTP rules are set. So calling `getNextOtp` will not return any OTPs even if the correct SMS is received. Instead, it will be internally queued and will be processed only when you call `setOtpRules` for the first time. This is useful in situations where you don't know the bank until _after_ the OTP is triggered but you want to start listening for incoming SMSs as early as possible.

In situations where you already know the bank before the OTP is triggered, you can just call `setOtpRules` first and then `getNextOtp`.

You can call `getNextOtp` as many times as you want (inside a loop for example) to keep listening for OTPs.

### OTP Rules

You can either create your own OTP Rules using the `OtpRule` type or you can get the default bank OTP rules used by Godel through the `getGodelOtpRules` function.

``` purescript
getGodelOtpRules :: String -> Flow (F (Array OtpRule))
```

The OTP rules are decoded from JS so it can throw a decode error. Handle accordingly

Godel's OTP rules are defined in Godel's [config.js](https://bitbucket.org/juspay/godel-core/src/d4bc77f68b08ab87ae3c55349b6eeeaa4e9094cd/godel/src/main/js/juspay/payments/in.juspay.godel/config.js#lines-355)

### Example

```purescript
import Juspay.OTP.Reader.Flow (getGodelOtpRules, getOtpListener, requestSmsReadPermission, smsReceiver, smsPoller)

waitForHDFCOtp = do
  -- Request SMS permission. Throw an error if not granted
  granted <- requestSmsReadPermission
  if not granted then throwError "SMS permission not granted" else pure unit

  -- Attempt to get HDFC OTP rules from Godel's config. Throw an error if it fails to decode
  otpRulesF <- runExcept <$> getGodelOtpRules "HDFC"
  otpRules <- either (show >>> throwError) (pure) otpRulesF

  -- Get an OTP listener that uses SMS Receiver and SMS Poller
  currentTime <- getCurrentTime
  let pollerStartTime = Milliseconds currentTime
      pollerFrequency = Milliseconds 2000.0
  poller <- smsPoller pollerStartTime pollerFrequency
  otpListener <- getOtpListener [smsReceiver, poller]

  -- Set the OTP rules and wait for an OTP
  otpListener.setOtpRules otpRules
  result <- otpListener.getNextOtp -- blocks until an OTP is received
  case result of
    Right otp -> pure otp
    Left err -> throwError err
```

### Module docs

Module docs are [here](docs/)

Commit message:

Move example code to Test directory

Readme.md, after:

# OTP Reader helper library

Use this library to do any kind of OTP reading. It currently supports the following methods of SMS reading:

* SMS Receiver
* SMS Inbox Polling

# How to use

### `Aff` vs `Flow`

If you're running in an Aff context, use the functions present in the `Juspay.OTP.Reader` module

If you're running in a `Flow` context, the same functions are either re-exported or wrapped inside `Flow` in the `Juspay.OTP.Reader.Flow` module

### Permissions

If you're using SMS Receiver or SMS inbox poller, you need Android SMS permissions.

Use `getSmsReadPermission` to check if SMS permission has already been granted or not

Use `requestSmsReadPermission` to ask the user for permission.

### OTP Listener

This is the main function you'll be using to read OTPs

```purescript
getOtpListener :: Array SmsReader -> Flow OtpListener
```


`SmsReader` is a type that represents a method of reading incoming SMSs. For example, `smsReceiver` and `smsPoller` are types of `SmsReader`s (all the available `SmsReader`s are mentioned in the [`Juspay.OTP.Reader` module](docs/Juspay/OTP/Reader.md))

`OtpListener` is a type alias for a record containing 2 functions:

```purescript
type OtpListener = {
  getNextOtp :: Flow (Either Error String),
  setOtpRules :: Array OtpRule -> Flow Unit
}
```

Call the `getNextOtp` function when you want to wait for an OTP. The function will block until a received SMS succeeds OTP extraction.

Call the `setOtpRules` function to set the OTP regex rules that need to be used for extracting the OTP from incoming SMSs.

At first, no OTP rules are set. So calling `getNextOtp` will not return any OTPs even if the correct SMS is received. Instead, it will be internally queued and will be processed only when you call `setOtpRules` for the first time. This is useful in situations where you don't know the bank until _after_ the OTP is triggered but you want to start listening for incoming SMSs as early as possible.

In situations where you already know the bank before the OTP is triggered, you can just call `setOtpRules` first and then `getNextOtp`.

You can call `getNextOtp` as many times as you want (inside a loop for example) to keep listening for OTPs.

### OTP Rules

You can either create your own OTP Rules using the `OtpRule` type or you can get the default bank OTP rules used by Godel through the `getGodelOtpRules` function.

``` purescript
getGodelOtpRules :: String -> Flow (F (Array OtpRule))
```

The OTP rules are decoded from JS so it can throw a decode error. Handle accordingly

Godel's OTP rules are defined in Godel's [config.js](https://bitbucket.org/juspay/godel-core/src/d4bc77f68b08ab87ae3c55349b6eeeaa4e9094cd/godel/src/main/js/juspay/payments/in.juspay.godel/config.js#lines-355)

### Example

Example code for detecting OTP can be found [here](test/Main.purs)

### Module docs

Module docs are [here](docs/)
